EN: I hope with all my heart , and I must say this quite emphatically , that an opportunity will arise when this document can be incorporated into the Treaties at some point in the future .
DE:Ich hoffe von ganzem Herzen, und das muß ich ganz deutlich sagen, daß es dann eine Gelegenheit geben wird, wenn dieses Dokument irgendwann einmal in die Verträge aufgenommen werden kann.

EN: Should this fail to materialise , we should not be surprised if public opinion proves sceptical about Europe , or even rejects it .
DE:Sollte dies nicht zum Ausdruck kommen, sollten wir nicht überrascht sein, wenn die öffentliche Meinung gegenüber Europa Zögerlichkeit aufzuweisen oder sie sogar abzulehnen gedenkt.

EN: The Intergovernmental Conference - to address a third subject - on the reform of the European institutions is also of decisive significance for us in Parliament .
DE:Auch die Regierungskonferenz - zum dritten Thema - zur Reform der europäischen Institutionen ist für uns als Parlament von entscheidender Bedeutung.

EN: At present I feel there is a danger that if the proposal by the Belgian Government on these sanction mechanisms were to be implemented , we would be hitting first and examining only afterwards .
DE:Ich halte es derzeit für eine Gefahr, daß wir, wenn der Vorschlag der belgischen Regierung zu diesen Sanktionsmechanismen umgesetzt würde, erst einmal prüfen und erst danach.

EN: The Charter therefore guarantees a greater level of protection than the European Convention on Human Rights - this needs to be said to all those who are asserting the opposite here in the plenary - and it formulates political and social rights in a balanced way .
DE:Deshalb gewährleistet die Charta einen größeren Schutz als die Europäische Konvention über die Menschenrechte - das muß allen gesagt werden, die hier im Plenum das Gegenteil behaupten - und formuliert politische und soziale Rechte ausgeglichen.

EN: We must bear in mind the Community as a whole .
DE:Wir müssen die Gemeinschaft als Ganzes berücksichtigen.

EN: But we must reach agreement on what to put in this constitution .
DE:Wir müssen uns jedoch darauf einigen, was in dieser Verfassung zu tun ist.

EN: I am not a Christian Democrat , so I do not believe in miracles , but I do want to salute the European Parliament as such , because it has made a major contribution to this project .
DE:Ich bin kein Christdemokrat, also glaube ich nicht an Wunder, aber ich möchte das Europäische Parlament als solche begrüßen, weil es einen wesentlichen Beitrag zu diesem Projekt geleistet hat

EN: In today 's debate , I associate myself with the words of all those who have spoken - Mr Moscovici , Mr Napolitano and the heads of Groups - on the importance of the Charter of Fundamental Rights : this is something innovative and , moreover , unhoped-for .
DE:In der heutigen Debatte schließe ich mich den Worten all jener an, die - Herr Moscovici, Herr Napolitano und die Gruppenchefs - über die Bedeutung der Charta der

EN: This does not mean that everything has to happen at once .
DE:Das heißt nicht, daß alles sofort geschehen muß.

EN: Vote
DE:Abstimmungen

EN: Report ( A5-0231 / 2000 ) by Mr Hatzidakis , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending Council Directive 96 / 53 / EC laying down for certain road vehicles circulating within the Community the maximum authorised dimensions in national and international traffic and the maximum authorised weights in international traffic [ COM ( 2000 ) 137 - C5-0164 / 2000 - 2000 / 0060 ( COD ) ]
DE:Bericht ( A5-0231 / 2000 ) von Herrn Hatzidakis im Namen des Ausschusses für Regionalpolitik, Verkehr und Fremdenverkehr über den Vorschlag für eine Richtlinie des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates zur

EN: . Technical cooperation with Russia while the Chechen people are suffering a full-scale genocide is a cause of shame for the European Union at a time when this House has greeted the final version of the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
DE:Die technische Zusammenarbeit mit Russland während das tschetschenische Volk einen großangelegten Genozid erlitt, ist ein Grund zur Schande für die Europäische Union zu einer Zeit, da

EN: The Commission also proposes to apply a coefficient to the ' non collectable ' percentage in order to avoid understating the true level of deficit , compared with the Maastricht requirements .
DE:Die Kommission schlägt außerdem vor, auf den Prozentsatz des nicht einziehbaren Betrags einen Koeffizienten anzuwenden, um zu vermeiden, daß im Vergleich zu den Erfordernissen von Maastricht das tatsächliche

EN: Even in countries where 15-metre buses are not allowed officially , in practice they are not refused or sent back at the border .
DE:Selbst in Ländern, in denen 15-Meter-Busse nicht offiziell erlaubt sind, werden sie in der Praxis nicht verweigert oder an die Grenze zurückgeschickt.

EN: Skinner report ( A5-0235 / 2000 )
DE:Zum Bericht Skinner ( A5-0235 / 2000 )

EN: Opting for direct government aid when acquiring risk-bearing starting capital for innovative companies means that this aid must mainly be funded by those paying taxes and pension premiums .
DE:Wenn Sie sich für eine direkte öffentliche Beihilfe entscheiden, wenn Sie ein risikoreiches Startkapital für innovative Unternehmen erwerben, bedeutet dies, daß diese Beihilfe hauptsächlich von denen bereitgestellt werden

EN: We did not vote against this resolution because we did not want our votes to be confused with those of the extreme right , which objects to a number of fundamental rights even being affirmed or opposable to the sovereignty of States .
DE:Wir haben nicht gegen diese Entschließung gestimmt, weil wir nicht wollten, daß unsere Abstimmungen mit denen der extremen Rechten verwechselt werden, die dagegen sprechen, daß gegen die

EN: The achievement of the colleagues whom I named just now and others has been outstanding here .
DE:Die Leistung der Kollegen, die ich gerade genannt habe, und anderer war hier hervorragend.

EN: The content of this document , they say , represents a fundamental step forward for the protection of citizens ' rights in Europe , to the extent that the matter should be referred to the Intergovernmental Conference and the Nice Council should decide to enshrine it in the Treaties .
DE:Der Inhalt dieses Papiers, so sagen sie, ist ein grundlegender Schritt nach vorn, wenn es um den Schutz der Bürgerrechte in Europa geht, und zwar insofern,

